Good morning, family. How have you all been doing? I hope you're doing well.
I have some things on my heart to tell you. First, I'm going to tell you what the Lord is talking to me about: a diet.
A lot of people are asking how I'm losing weight, and it's just what the Holy Spirit has been talking to me about.
He said to me that for the days that are coming—he even brought it up in my dreams last night—there is a plague coming.
He said, 'Brandon, there is a plague, another massive wave.'The first wave was COVID from 2020 until 2022, and it receded, but he said there will be a day soon when there will be another plague, and this one will dwarf COVID.
A lot of people will perish because of this. He said, 'I want you to tell my people that it's time for them to take their health more seriously.'They need to start exercising, even just walking.
Exercise is important for getting your blood flowing and taking care of your bodies. It needs to become a lifestyle habit.
The Lord said it doesn't have to be a long time, just 30 minutes a day or every other day, but start keeping your body moving.
I asked the Lord for a lifestyle to maintain weight, and he instructed me to go on a Whole Foods diet: beef, chicken, fish, vegetables, fruit, and eggs.
He said if you read a label at the market and can't pronounce half the ingredients, do not put it in your body.
He said, 'Brandon, they are poisoning you, and you don't even know it.'My people perish for a lack of knowledge.
If you are not studying and don't know what's on that label, do not consume it.
Eat things that do not have a nutrition label; fish is fish, and chicken is chicken. Stay with Whole Foods.
Then he talked to me about supplements and how many companies are not good; they are in it for profit and use unhealthy ingredients.
My wife is very educated and is looking up trustworthy companies.
I used to take all kinds of vitamins, but the Lord told me to stop because I didn't know what they were putting in them.
Study the brand of vitamin you are taking and who is making it.
There are many different opinions, so you have to follow the Holy Spirit for your own life.
I believe if you keep it under 1,500 calories and exercise, you'll drop weight. I'm learning that my body doesn't need as much as it used to.
You don't have to snack all the time; you can intermittent fast and take care of your body.
It doesn't have to be an addiction to food. I was codependent on junk, but I am determined to live long and finish strong.
Secondly, the Lord spoke to me about the youth. They are looking for an authentic move of the Spirit. They are hungry for the supernatural.
He said there's been a lot of charismatic flakiness and fleshly behavior in churches, which is a turn-off for them.
What's coming next will be a weight of the tangible presence of my Shekinah Glory.
The presence of the Lord will come into the atmosphere of the church to the point where it affects the whole congregation.
There will be no mistaking it or mocking it. You will feel the weight of the tangible presence of God so strongly that there will be a holy hush upon the congregation.
You won't want to move because the fear of the Lord is tangible in that building.
There is a holy reverence where you just want to sit and weep before the presence and the power of the Lord.
The Lord told me there will be a move of his Spirit in churches that feels like a weight on the people, including the children. I'm so excited this is coming.
He said, 'I will have the harvest of souls from this generation like this world has never seen before.'They are searching for a move of something to help their depression and anxiety.
He also talked about Europe. Over a year ago, I saw soldiers in a single file line going toward Europe.
It was a major draft. The Lord showed me that the war had escalated into a World War III scenario.
I heard that the great Apollyon is being released upon the Earth.
I saw a massive, demonic-looking angelic being—a huge principality—come out of the ocean.
I saw a demon chained in a pit, and an angelic being from the Lord came down and released that spirit.
It looked like it was wearing a fur Viking outfit with thick white hair and a horned helmet. Its face was vicious.
It started spinning like the Tasmanian Devil and went inside Vladimir Putin, as if he became possessed.
All of a sudden, I saw him strike Poland because Poland was provoking Russia.
Near the Warsaw and Belarus area, I saw a humongous mushroom cloud explosion.
I thought they were tactical nukes, but the Lord said, 'No, this is a weapon that has never been used before.'It vaporized everything in a huge radius.
When this happened, World War III escalated even more. Turkey joined in with Russia, funding them and beating ancient drums.
Then Iran joined them, and they came against Israel. I saw men with red hats marching toward Israel.
The Lord told me this is the beginning of the Ezekiel 38 and 39 war—Gog and Magog.
The United States did not participate because we were busy with Europe.
People called it 'the Great Betrayal'because we did not help Israel.
I saw China shoot something that looked like a red dragon over America. I saw a surprise attack on Hawaii, similar to Pearl Harbor.
Honolulu and the Big Island were at war with China, and they were bombing the people with F-16s.
Fast forward to today: none of this was happening two years ago.
Now we hear about the Prime Minister of France talking about nuclear weapons within NATO, and Putin saying this would be the beginning of World War III.
We are seeing the escalation against Iran. In 2022, an angel told me in a dream that great judgment would begin 569 days from that day.
That math pointed to October 2nd, and then Israel was attacked on October 7th, 2023.
I warned everyone to watch August 24th, 2023, which was when Saudi Arabia joined the BRICS nations.
The Lord brought up the dollar again last night. He said the purchasing power of the dollar will be around 50 cents.
He said there will be a major event that causes a significant stock market crash, similar to 1930.
He said it's coming. I told you all to watch the mulberry tree at wintertime and to stay on the back of your rug.
It's fixing to happen in Poland—in the Warsaw and Belarus area.
God protect those people. We know these things must happen because they are biblical.
Regarding the plague and the 'pale'horse, it's part of the end times.
The Lord is coming back for a glorious church that is on fire and victorious. There is a mighty move of God about to happen.
A supernatural event is about to take place with finances where the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
Father, we thank you for every person represented here. We call their unsaved loved ones into the kingdom of God.
We break the bondage of darkness and call them to be flooded with light. Raise up new Davids, Daniels, and Joshuas.
We call for healing over every person: those with high blood sugar, diabetes, or heart disease.
We call for new kidneys, hearts, and livers. We curse cancer and Alzheimer's.
We call for healing over stomach viruses and thyroid issues.
We bless every person who supports this channel. We are going from glory to glory in the name of Jesus. Amen.